There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
When I understand myself, I understand you, and out of that understanding comes love. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear; that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Love is the missing factor; there is a lack of affection, of warmth in relationship; and because we lack that love, that tenderness, that generosity, that mercy in relationship, we escape into mass action, which produces further confusion, further misery. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
You must understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it. That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing and dance, and write poems and suffer and understand, for all that is life. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
So when you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
If we can really understand the problem, the answer will come out of it, because the answer is not separate from the problem. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
When we talk about understanding, surely it takes place only when the mind listens completely - the mind being your heart, your nerves, your ears - when you give your whole attention to it. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
This is love: the flowering of love is meditation. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
A consistent thinker is a thoughtless person, because he conforms to a pattern; he repeats phrases and thinks in a groove. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
The end is the beginning of all things, Suppressed and hidden, Awaiting to be released through the rhythm Of pain and pleasure. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Religion is the frozen thought of man out of which they build temples. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
All ideologies are idiotic, whether religious or political, for it is conceptual thinking, the conceptual word, which has so unfortunately divided man. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Die to everything of yesterday so that your mind is always fresh, always young, innocent, full of vigor and passion. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
If you listen through the screen of your desires, then you obviously listen to your own voice; you are listening to your own desires. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Listening has importance only when one is not projecting one&#39;s own desires through which one listens. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
